This printing of From the Laboratory of the Mad Wizard Shadmar
is done under version 1.0a of the of the Open Game License, below,
and version 5.0/6.0 of the d20 System Trademark License and
the d20 System Trademark Logo Guide. Some of the Open Game
Content used herein comes from the System Reference Document
by permission from Wizards of the Coast.
Notice of Open Game Content: This product contains Open Game
Content, as defi ned in the Open Game License, below. Open Game
Content may only be used under and in terms of the Open Game
License.
Designation of Open Game Content: All text containing gamerelated
content within this product is hereby designated as Open
Game Content, subject to the Product Identity designation below.
Any questions regarding the Open Game Content within this
module should be directed to Nitehawk Jarrett at publisher@
nitehawk-games.biz.
Designation of Product Identity: The following items are hereby
designated as Product identity as provided in section 1(e) of the
Open Game License:
1. The name “Nitehawk Interactive Games” as well as all logos
and identifying marks of Nitehawk Interactive Games, including
but not limited to the Creatures & Chaos logo and the phrase “Great
RPG games at Great prices” as well as the trade dress of Nitehawk
Interactive Games products;
2. The Nitehawk Interactive Games product names and logos “From
the Laboratory of the Mad Wizard Shadmar Revision 2”;
3. All artwork, illustration, and graphic design, including any text
contained within such artwork, illustration, maps, or graphic design;
4. The proper names, personality, descriptions and motivations of
all characters, groups, deities or places unique to this supplement or
originating in the Nitehawk Interactive Games product Outcastia,
but not their stat blocks (if any);
5. Any other content previously designated as Product Identity
contained herein, including any content from Nitehawk Interactive
Games products that was previously designated as Product Identity
is hereby designated as Product Identity and is used with permission
and/or pursuant to license. Refer to that product for any Product
Identity designation; said designation in that book is hereby
incorporated by this reference as if fully set forth herein.
OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a
The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and
is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast, Inc (“Wizards”). All Rights
Reserved.
1. Definitions: (a)”Contributors” means the copyright and/or
trademark owners who have contributed Open Game Content;
(b)”Derivative Material” means copyrighted material including
derivative works and translations (including into other computer
languages), potation, modification, correction, addition, extension,
upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgment or other form in
which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (c)
“Distribute” means to reproduce, license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast,
publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d)”Open Game
Content” means the game mechanic and includes the methods,
procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does
not embody the Product Identity and is an enhancement over the
prior art and any additional content clearly identified as Open
Game Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered
by this License, including translations and derivative works under
copyright law, but specifically excludes Product
Identity. (e) “Product Identity” means product and product
line names, logos and identifying marks including trade dress;
artifacts; creatures characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic
elements, dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols, designs,
depictions, likenesses, formats, poses, concepts, themes and
graphic, photographic and other visual or audio representations;
names and descriptions of characters, spells, enchantments,
personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special abilities;
places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or
supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs;
and any other trademark or registered trademark clearly identified
as Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and which
specifically excludes the Open Game Content; (f) “Trademark”
means the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used
by a Contributor to identify itself or its products or the associated
products contributed to the Open Game License by the Contributor
(g) “Use”, “Used” or “Using” means to use, Distribute, copy, edit,
format, modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material
of Open Game Content. (h) “You” or “Your” means the licensee in
terms of this agreement.
2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content
that contains a notice indicating that the Open Game Content may
only be Used under and in terms of this License. You must affix
such a notice to any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms
may be added to or subtracted from this License except as described
by the License itself. No other terms or conditions may be applied
to any Open Game Content distributed using this License.
3.Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You
indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this License.
4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use
this License, the Contributors grant You a perpetual, worldwide,
royaltyfree, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this
License to Use, the Open Game Content.
5.Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing
original material as Open Game Content, You represent that Your
Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufficient
rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.
6.Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT
NOTICE portion of this License to include the exact text of the
COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are
copying, modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the
copyright date, and the copyright holder’s name to the COPYRIGHT
NOTICE of any original Open Game Content you Distribute.
7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product
Identity, including as an indication as to compatibility, except as
expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the
owner of each element of that Product Identity. You agree not to
indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark or
Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open
Game Content except as expressly licensed in another, independent
Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or Registered
Trademark. The use of any Product Identity in Open Game Content
does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of that Product