Accursed Rot
Type: curse and disease, contact
Save: Fortitude DC as the spell
Onset: instantaneous
Frequency 1/round
Effect 1d6 Con
Cure: remove curse followed by cure disease (or similar spell), miracle or wish spell.
Accursed rot attempts to dispel (as described in greater
dispel magic) any and all spells or spell-like abilities on
the target that directly or indirectly interfere with this accursed
rot taking effect. For example, a character casts accursed
rot and touches a subject with iron body. A dispel
check is made (DC 11 + the caster level of the spell immunity).
If the dispel succeeds, the iron body is dispelled
before the accursed rot takes effect. Accursed rot’s dispelling
can only affect spells cast upon a living creature. Independent
spell effects or those affecting an area cannot
be dispelled, even if they prevent the accursed rot from
affecting the attending creature.
Accursed rot can dispel spells and magic items specifically
intended to foil the spell in question (spell immunity), that
provide general protection from spells (spell resistance),
and/or offer any bonuses to the saving throws (cloak of
resistance). You make a check for each instance of protection;
a magic item so affected is suppressed for 1d4+1
rounds.
Normally to remove the curse and cure the disease on another
creature, a caster must touch the victim; this constitutes
contact for purposes of spreading the disease so
the caster of a remove curse or a remove disease would
instantly become infected. In addition, even after the curse
element of accursed rot is lifted, a creature suffering from
it cannot recover naturally over time. Anyone casting a
conjuration (healing) spell on the afflicted creature must
succeed on a caster level check (DC 15 + your caster level),
or the spell is wasted and the healing has no effect; this effect
ends once a creature is fully healed of the Constitution
damage dealt by accursed rot.
Anyone who dies from accursed rot turns to dust and cannot
be raised without a true resurrection and even after
they are raised they are still afflicted by accursed rot until
it is cured.