THE OPEN GAMING LICENSE
It has been nearly two years since the Open Gaming License was
released, in conjunction with a substantial portion of the core
DUNGEONS & DRAGONS® game material in the form of the System
Reference Document. Since then, many publishers have had a chance
to use the material developed by Wizards of the Coast in their own
products to bring you a variety of d20 System™ compatible releases.
Now, it’s time for Wizards of the Coast to take its first step into the
same realm. We’ve decided to use some of the best new content
created by another publisher—the razor boar and scorpionfolk, the
creatures described on this page and the facing page—as a supplement
to the monsters in Monster Manual II.
How did these monsters come to be here? One of the very first d20
publishers, Necromancer Games (and its publisher, Sword & Sorcery
Studios) came out with The Creature Collection, a compendium of various
kinds of monsters found in the company’s Scarred Lands
campaign world. As an example of the good work to be found in that
collection, we’ve “adopted” these two creatures and decided to include
them in an official DUNGEONS & DRAGONS product. The folks at
Necromancer were kind enough to give us a little background on the
designers of the monsters so we could ensure they got proper credit
here, and we’re thankful for their help and support.
We’ve printed these two descriptions at the end of the book, in a
special layout, to make it clear that only these two monsters are
considered Open Game Content. The rest of the material in this book
is still closed content, and can’t be used in other products. You can see
the System Reference Document and a number of interesting and helpful
d20 System materials at www.wizards.com/d20. The full text of the
Open Gaming License appears on page 222 of this book.
Over the long term we hope to use more and more material created
by the independent pool of d20 System designers and publishers, just
as they are using the Open Content material created by Wizards of the
Coast. Instead of reinventing the wheel, we’re all able to partake of the
shared design resources that operate under the Open Gaming License.
As we continue to add Open Game Content to the pool of available
material via the System Reference Document, we hope to help the d20
System evolve and constantly become more fun to play, easier to work
with, and the centerpiece of a rewarding hobby. It is our pleasure to
share those objectives with all the other publishers who have joined us
in this great Open Gaming adventure!